[Cache Reserve] Added details to eligibility and looking up usage (#6690)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/about/cache-reserve.md

If you are an Enterprise customer and are interested in Cache Reserve, contact your account team to get help with your configuration.

## Cache Reserve asset eligibility

Not all assets are eligible for Cache Reserve. To be admitted into Cache Reserve, assets must:

> - Be cacheable, e.g. according to [Cache Rules](/cache/about/cache-rules/), [Cache Level](/cache/how-to/set-caching-levels/), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be cacheable, that is according to [Cache Rules](/cache/about/cache-rules/), [Cache Level](/cache/how-to/set-caching-levels/), etc.
```

Reviewer: Could we list all the options instead of using "etc."?

Author: Would it suffice to link to the cacheability factors here? https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache

> - Have a freshness time-to-live (TTL) of at least 10 hours (set by any means such as Cache-Control / [CDN-Cache-Control](/cache/about/cdn-cache-control/) origin response headers, [Edge Cache TTL](/cache/about/edge-browser-cache-ttl/#edge-cache-ttl), etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have a freshness time-to-live (TTL) of at least 10 hours (set by any means such as Cache-Control / [CDN-Cache-Control](/cache/about/cdn-cache-control/) origin response headers, [Edge Cache TTL](/cache/about/edge-browser-cache-ttl/#edge-cache-ttl), etc.).
```

Reviewer: Could we list all the options instead of using "etc."?

> - Have a Content-Length response header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have a Content-Length response header.
```

## Limits

- Cache Reserve file limits are the same as [R2 limits](/r2/platform/limits/). Note that [CDN cache limits](/cache/about/default-cache-behavior/#customization-options-and-limitations) still apply. Assets larger than standard limits will not be stored in the standard CDN cache, so these assets will incur Cache Reserve operations costs far more frequently.
- Origin Range requests are not supported at this time from Cache Reserve.
- Vary for Images is currently not compatible with Cache Reserve.
- Requests to [R2 public buckets linked to a zone's domain](/r2/data-access/public-buckets/) will not use Cache Reserve. Enabling Cache Reserve for the connected zone will use Cache Reserve only for requests not destined for the R2 bucket.

## Usage

> Like the standard CDN, Cache Reserve also uses the CF-Cache-Status header to indicate cache statuses like MISS, HIT, and REVALIDATED. Cache Reserve cache misses and hits are factored into the dashboard's cache hit ratio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the standard CDN, Cache Reserve also uses the `cf-cache-status` header to indicate cache statuses like `MISS`, `HIT`, and `REVALIDATED`. Cache Reserve cache misses and hits are factored into the dashboard's cache hit ratio.
```
